――Life on the Gladiator Island, Ginunhive, was not that bad for Subaru.

Subaru’s performance during the Sparka event was apparently well received by the Gladiators competing on Gladiator Island, and he received the same reception as he did in the main hall wherever he went.

Even in an environment where one was forced to fight, the Vollachian Empire’s style remained the same.

Therefore, it seemed that the same principle of the strong being valued applied and the Sparka performed by Subaru and the others of the Unit suited it well.

???: [Even though he’s just a scrawny little kid, he’s got good guts.]

This seemed to be the general appraisal of Subaru.

It must have been quite amusing to them that Subaru, a child who could be throttled with one hand if wanted to, put up a good fight against the lion gladiator beam.

The fact that Subaru seemed to be just a regular child his age, unlike the fake Cecilius that was his same age, was perhaps helping this impression. Conversely that was just how bad the fake Cecilius’ reputation was.

Cecilus: [I guess what I really want to say is that I’m just living my life as myself, so I really don’t care what everyone around me thinks of me. After all, none of you will be able to complain when you see the results. Oh, I meant that not physically, but emotionally.]

That was more or less his reaction when he overheard the reputation of the people around him.

He had already sensed that was the case, but the fake Cecilus had no desire to compromise himself, nor did he care to live in accordance with the people around him.

He had a strong will that stuck to his beliefs and the strength to carry that through―― both of which affirmed the fake Cecilus’s outlandish ego.

And it was acceptable under both the Gladiator Island’s and the Empire’s rules.

Idra: [But, it’s not beneficial to be loathed for it. We cannot survive on the island alone, because we are a Unit.]

Weitz: [So you’re saying that in there lies the power to survive, right…… guessing from that brat’s uncontrollable behavior, he seems to be confident in his way too …]

Hiain: [Tch, what a weirdo,  it’s none of our business. I mean, dealing with these two creepy little brats is plenty enough.]

That was the Unit members’ impression of the fake Cecilus.

It might have sounded harsh, but it was an entirely natural thought. To begin with, unless they were very strong and in a safe place, all Gladiators were desperate to be able to survive day in and day out.

That was the norm, leaving them with little time to care about the people around them.

Subaru: [Well, I have a problem with Hiain treating us like creepy little brats, but what do you think, Tanza? About Ceci]

Tanza: [I am indifferent. More importantly, Schwartz-sama]

Subaru: [Yeah?]

Tanza: [――Schwartz-sama, do you really intend to leave?]

 

Subaru was suddenly asked this in a voice that sounded like a surprised or condemning one, and his eyes widened as he turned around and mindlessly let out a “huh?”.

In the communal room given to the Gladiators―― a space that could be called a shared cell, Tanza, Subaru’s roomate, furrowed her smooth eyebrows and visibly sighed.

Tanza: [This is not the moment for “Huhs”. I see that Schwartz-sama has been having a good time with all of the Gladiators over the past few days, but do you remember the plan you had at the beginning?]

Subaru: [The plan in the beginning…?]

Tanza: [――Hk, you were thinking of leaving the island and returning to Chaosflame.]

For a moment, Tanza’s voice stiffened at Subaru, sounding uncertain.

The girl took her eyes off Subaru and said, “I’m sorry,” before continuing.

Tanza: [If possible, I intended to follow Schwartz-sama’s plan. But if Schwartz-sama is not working proactively, then that is a different story. I have to rejoin Yorna-sama.]

Subaru: [――――]

Tanza: [Even now, I still do not know anything about what happened after Chaosflame, only that Yorna-sama is safe and sound, as evidenced by her continued love for me…]

Saying this, Tanza touched her own right eye.

What this gesture meant was the same change Subaru had witnessed in the residents of the Demon City―― the same blaze that was in the eyes of those who had been affected by Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique.

Beheading the lion in a single stroke must not have been Tanza’s natural ability. It meant that the power of Yorna’s love for her was still in play.

Subaru: [That means Yorna-san is safe, right?]

Tanza: […Her body. But, I do not know about her heart.]

Subaru: [That’s, well, yeah. Because Yorna-san treasured everyone in the city,]

Because she was too kind, she was treated as a traitor many times for failing to follow the policies of the empire.

Subaru thought he understood a little about Yorna’s situation and the feelings of Tanza and the others who were protected by Yorna’s ideals.

So, it was understandable why Tanza wanted to go back to Yorna right away.

Subaru: [But, you can’t rush too much. You can’t get what you want by scrambling in the dark.]

Tanza: [But! I cannot afford to be as leisurely as you, Schwartz-sama!]

Subaru: [L-leisurely…]

Tanza: [Correct. For the past two days, when I thought you were walking around the island looking for a way to escape, it turns out you were chatting with your Unit and with other Gladiators…]

As Tanza counted with her fingers, she criticized Subaru’s behavior over the past two days.

Indeed, for the past two days, all Subaru had been doing was talking to people, not looking for a way to escape or figuring out how to work the only drawbridge that connects to the outside world.

Sometimes he spent time with Weitz and the others, but more often, he had tried to learn about the rules and other interesting information from those who had been on the Gladiator Island for a long time.

That was very leisurely in Tanza’s eyes, and perhaps it looked as if Subaru was preparing to put down roots on this island.

But if that were the case――,

Subaru: [That’s absolutely wrong, Tanza. I also have someone I want to see as much as Tanza wants to see Yorna-san. I absolutely have to get out of here.]

Tanza: […Say, was it the people who were with you?]

Subaru: [Except for Abel, that’s true, and there are others in a big walled city… And also in the country next door to the Empire. I’ve been very busy, y’know.]

Tanza: [――――]

When Subaru responded that he had a partner he wanted to meet both there and elsewhere, Tanza fell silent.

Perhaps she was thinking that her singular love for Yorna was greater than Subaru’s who had multiple people, but she did not say that out loud.

That alone was enough to understand how earnest she was. If it was Yorna who taught her so many things, one could only admire Yorna’s dedication to education.

 

Subaru: [Still, I probably can use my head better than you.]

Tanza: [――? What is that supposed to mean…?]

And, that was the moment when Tanza tilted her head at Subaru’s words.

Cecilus: [――Basu! The drawbridge is rising! The new arrivals have just landed!]

Telling so, with a boisterous cry, the fake Cecilus came running down the corridor and appeared before them. Tanza’s shoulders jumped at the intensity and loudness of his voice, but Subaru’s reaction was the exact opposite.

“So they’re here!” he exclaimed as he leapt up on the spot and,

Subaru: [That’s a lot faster than what I’ve heard, is this the usual pace?]

Cecilus: [No, I’ve told you already, the last time Basu and his Sparka were an exception. All but the three members in Basu’s Unit failed to escape and ended up at the bottom of the lake… So, Basu and his team made up for the lack of manpower in a hurry.]

Subaru: [Ah, I see.]

As the fake Cecilus who shrugged his shoulders said, the last Sparka was held irregularly.

The Gladiator candidates, who were originally supposed to enter the Gladiator Island with Weitz and the others, attempted to escape en masse before arriving on the island, but this failed miserably, resulting in their wagon overturning. All of them escaped from the drawbridge into the lake and became food for the aquatic Witchbeasts.

As a result, the Sparka was not held for Weitz and the others, who did not have enough members, and was going to be postponed until the number of members who could form a Unit could be replenished, but——.

Subaru: [So when Tanza and I came in at that time, Weitz and the others must have been really disappointed, huh.]

The new recruits meant that they had to do Sparka, and not only that, the ones who joined were Subaru and Tanza―― And Tanza was unconscious.

Essentially, with the inclusion of one child with scary eyes, it was a four man “Sparka”.

All three must have thought it was the most unlucky day of their lives.

Subaru: [However, it was actually the luckiest day of their lives.]

Cecilus: [Oh, you have a very nice, confident look on your face. And, Basu, what do you want to do now?]

Subaru: [Yeah, I’m going to check out the drawbridge. I’d like to talk to some of the people from outside as well.]

Cecilus: [That might be a little difficult. I think, unlike last time, this Sparka will start rather early, so we may not have a chance to meet.]

Subaru: [I see… It’s tricky, but if that’s the case, there are ways to make it work.]

Subaru put his hand on his chin and Fake Cecilius raised his eyebrows in response to his reply.

His interest, or perhaps his favorable impression of Subaru’s reply, was easily understandable from his reaction. His personality was the type of having trouble keeping secrets, but still someone they had to keep their guard up against.

There are few people in this world who could kill a person regardless of how much they took interest in them.

The rumored personality of the fake Cecilus on the island was just enough to make one treat him as if he were a ticking bomb.

Of course, too much apprehension will only shorten the fuse, so it was a good idea to find the right balance.

Anyhow――–,

Subaru: [Finally, there seems to be some progress. Tanza, what do you think?]

Tanza: [No, well, what do you mean? Are you and Segmunt-sama planning something?]

Cecilius: [It’s nothing of that kind! I wasn’t told anything of Basu’s thoughts, and even if I was, it wasn’t anything big. He just simply told me to tell him when the drawbridge was about to be raised. Everything that is planned after, is inside Basu’s head y’know!]

Tanza: […Schwartz-sama?]

Seeing that there was no Information to gain from Cecilius, who was displaying himself as having not the slightest clue, Tanza’s gaze turned to Subaru, as if to accuse him of hiding something from her, although Subaru had no intention of hiding anything from her.

Though, it was his intention to move rather cautiously.

Subaru: [For now, let’s talk while we go check out the drawbridge. We’d all be stupid to miss it.]

With Tanza looking as if she wanted to say something and the amused fake Cecilus in tow, Subaru left the common room and headed for the upper level of the island, where he could see the drawbridge. On the island, Gladiators were allowed a great deal of freedom in their activities, and except for those who had been extremely bad on a daily basis, they were not restricted in any way, except when they went to bed or had their death matches.

There were certain rules about bathing and meal times, which apparently needed to be followed, but it was a far cry from the life of a slave or an inmate in a prison, both of which he had imagined.

The Gladiator Island had a gladiatorial arena at the center of the island, as the likes of spectators from outside the island enter there, it becomes the event stage where the grand shows are held. For that reason, since the gladiatorial arena and its surroundings were what the outsiders would be seeing, it was decorated in a rather flashy and stand-out style.

On the other hand, the rest of the Gladiator’s free living spaces were simple, so with the exception of the bare minimum facilities essential for living, it generally felt “gray”.

Subaru: [But there’s also a healing room, and there’s also a library, right?]

Tanza: [It is said that they started to store books ever since Governor Gustav became the chief of the island. Surprisingly, I hear that it has become the place where everyone spends their relaxation time together.]

Subaru: [Yeah, there were a lot of books. Though it’d be nice if I could also read them.]

Whilst nodding at Tanza’s description, Subaru scratched his temple with his finger.

The letters of this world, which Subaru should have studied, seemed to have been kicked out of brain as soon as it had shrunk, and he was in a state where he could only lightly read and understand.

He vaguely remembered parts of them, so it was not impossible to decipher them if he tried hard enough, but he had to use his mind like he was on a treasure hunt just to read a single page.

Subaru: [If nee-sama knew about this, she would be extremely upset with me…]

Somehow, the person who had given Subaru the most help in studying the letters was nee-sama―― Ram. So, if she knew about Subaru’s current predicament, she would be very angry.

Even if it was not about that, he had left Rem by herself. If she knew about that, he was sure that Ram would be angry. That was, something Subaru also wanted to get angry about.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [――In order for us to get off this island, there are two things which will become our obstacles. One of them is the drawbridge that connects the island to the other side of the river.]

Tanza: […Yes, I am aware of it.]

The stage was for the purpose of running the gladiatorial arena, which was built on the island in the center of the lake.

With half of it coming from the island, and half of it coming from the river bank, the drawbridge that couldn’t be crossed unless it was raised from both sides, was a problem because it was usually raised so that it could not be crossed.

Cecilus: [That’s why it’s usually lowered. It is raised only when it is needed.]

Subaru: [That still doesn’t make sense to me, no matter how many times you tell me. That’s why I wanna see the real thing.]

Although the tone of Cecilus’ voice was as if he was speaking to someone who was not listening, at any rate, the image of the drawbridge within Subaru surely was that of one bridge divided into two from the middle, with each side causing the bridge to withdraw.

Naturally, according to that image the drawbridge would be “lowered”.

Tanza: [Then, Schwartz-sama, the second obstacle is…]

Sweeping away the conceptual image in Subaru’s mind, Tanza inquired about where the conversation was going. At those words, Subaru let out an “uh huh” and took a short breath, then,

Subaru: [Needless to say, it’s the curse rule. The one that Gustav says is placed on all the Gladiators.]

Tanza: [――――]

As the ends of her gentle eyebrows lowered, Tanza made a complicated face.

Of course, even if she had not been told, she would have understood the issue―― that was the curse rule.

It was said that it was a curse mark bestowed upon all the gladiators on the Gladiator Island, and that it was activated on those who broke the curse rule, taking the life of that person. That was the main reason why Gustav continued to reign as the absolute ruler here on Gladiator Island as Governor.

No one could defy Gustav; defying him would cost you your life.

Even if you did not defy him, as long as the curse mark was not removed, you would never know when you would lose your life for violating the curse rule.

How to remove it, and the details of the curse rule, nobody except Gustav himself knew.

Subaru: [If you ask me what I’m scared of, it would be that I don’t know the detailed rules. I could just be spending my time normally, and then inadvertently violate them and die without realizing it.]

Cecilus: [Well, I heard that there was that sort of anxiety when Gustav first became Governor, but lately, that anxiety seems to be fading away considerably. That said, it seems like Gustav doesn’t want to recklessly reduce the number of gladiators, so it’s a relief that he’s declared the things that should never be done.]

Subaru: [Declared… so it would have been stuff like, “do not defy the guards” and “fighting amongst fellow Gladiators outside of deathmatches is prohibited” and “do not willfully flee from this island” and so on.]

Cecilus: [That’s right]

Subaru: [――As I thought, it’s that last problem.]

Maintaining the rules for living on the island, that was the curse rule that Gustav had imposed.

Nevertheless, it was true that this was in direct conflict with the objectives of Subaru and Tanza.

Subaru: [With the exception of cheating, there are other ways to break the curse rule and quit being a Gladiator, right?]

Cecilus: [Yeah, there certainly are. That specific case would be in the large-scale show that they hold once a year, His Excellency the Emperor gets invited, and it’s the famous reward for the deathmatch they hold in his presence. There’s also other chances, such as the method such as an audience member of the show spending lots of money to take you out. Therefore, the gladiators also need to look good, meaning a necessity to charm them with magnificent beauty emerges.]

Subaru: […For some reason or another, my mental image is that of the gladiators.]

That was so to speak, something that seemed to be close to the image of the gladiators of old from the Roman Empire. [1]

He did not know much about the details, but it had a nuance along the lines of a slave that was made to fight with a sword, that could be said to literally also have the same position as the island gladiators.

He had heard that there was a person, that seemed to have been a famous gladiator of old who brought about a rebellion alongside the other gladiators, but――,

Subaru: [What I want to do is escape, not rebel, so I’m thinking more like a great escape from Prison.]

What could become a hint, would be the patterns of those who have escaped from prison.

However, knowledge of such movies and cartoons was also rather hazy within Subaru. It seems that as it was, they wouldn’t be able to use that, so Subaru still had to find the right answer .

Subaru: [Whatever the case, the drawbridge and the curse rule, to get off of the island, we have to do something about these two things. For that reason as well, it is absolutely essential that we go observe the drawbridge, got it?]

Tanza: […I concur. Still, that does not explain why Schwartz-sama was leisurely taking his time up until the drawbridge moved.]

Subaru: [You sure are holding that against me…]

Responding to Tanza’s intent gaze, Subaru scratched his head as he made a troubled face.

While they were talking like that, the three of them headed to their objective desired vantage point. Halfway up the mountain that got taller as it approached the center of the island, a balcony was built in a position that overlooked half of the lake.

Rather than a balcony, it was more accurate to call it an observation deck, but there were a few other people here and there besides Subaru and the other two. The other gladiators seemed to have come here as curious onlookers.

In the line of onlookers, a figure suddenly turned and waved to Subaru and the others.

Hiain: [That’s Schwartz ain’t it? What’re ya doing here?]

Subaru: [Oh, Hiain, you came too. Just taking a look?]

Hiain: [As if I could only be taking a look! …I’d heard the next sacrifices were coming, that’s why.]

Averting his eyes, the lizardman Hiain was unable to continue with the rest of the words.

As a member of the same Unit as Subaru, contrary to his strong attitude, he was quite timid. He was not a bad person, but on the other hand his character was not something to be openly praised.

Even with that excuse just now, the part about his reason for taking a look couldn’t be fully denied.

Tanza: [Hiain-sama, did you want to take a look at the people who are coming next?]

Hiain: [Urgh…]

Tanza: [If you do not want to tell me, it does not particularly bother me, however.]

At the reserved Tanza’s question, Hiain curled his big mouth and hesitated to answer. But with the silence immediately becoming unbearable, Hiain said “That’s right!” with a trembling voice.

Resting his elbows on the railing, while he scowled at the lake below,

Hiain: [I wanted to see the faces of the guys coming here next. Is that wrong?]

Subaru: [That’s not wrong, but for what reason? Since you survived Sparka, it’d be inconsiderate to come here to see something like if the next group of oncomers can survive Sparka]

Hiain: [Like I’d do something that evil! …I’m not sayin’ there aren’t guys like that though.]

He was different, with that Hiain denied Subaru’s suspicions.

He had decided to trust that answer for the moment. Subaru also earnestly understood that Hiain was not a bad guy, he was just timid. He also was the one that seemed to be the least accustomed to the rules of this Gladiator Island.

Hiain: […So, why’d you guys come?]

Subaru: [We aren’t just taking a look, nor are we curious onlookers. Of course, we’re interested in the people they’re bringing this time around, but we want to see the drawbridge.]

Hiain: [You wanna see the bridge? What are you, a brat? …You are a brat, aren’t you!]

Subaru: [No, that’s right, you sure talk loudly.]

Subaru’s lips curved at Hiain, who was recklessly speaking very loudly, perhaps to cover up his own feelings. As he then stood alongside him, they looked over the lake below.

During the time the sun was still high in the sky, the area around the Gladiator Island was faintly darkened by an overcast sky.

For some reason, the clouds around here never seemed to clear up, and he had heard that the overcast sky was present all year round. Judging from the look of the sky, this was a place that darkened people’s spirits.

Cecilus: [Well, there are a considerable number of people who enjoy that kind of environment; it’s a matter of taste.]

Subaru: [That’s surprising. I thought Ceci would be a big fan of sunny days… But, you do call yourself lightning, so you may not care even if there are clouds.]

Cecilus: [I see, it’s not something I ever worried about, but now that you mention it.]

Shrugging his shoulders at the fake Cecilus, who put his hand over his mouth as his eyes gleamed at the surprising revelation, Subaru and the others lined up in front of the railing and waited for the drawbridge in question to be raised.

Then, not too long after――,

Subaru: [Oh, oooh――!]

At first, the rattling sound of gears and mechanical parts moving could be heard from somewhere.

He thought that it would have used the same mechanism that the iron fence at the gladiatorial arena used to spring up, but that of the drawbridge’s scale was a world apart. After all, they had to build a bridge of tremendous length, so it seems they had to correspond by turning either large gears, or a large amount of gears.

Before Subaru’s eyes, slowly, the drawbridge “rose”――.

Subaru: [――――]

What had appeared so, so slowly, was the drawbridge that had been deeply submerged in the middle of the lake.

Just like how the fake Cecilus had corrected him about it many times, moving in conjunction with the mechanism of rotating gears, it “rose” out of the lake to reveal itself.

It was not lowering a drawbridge that had been raised, it was “raising” a drawbridge that had been submerged.

It was not exactly one singular bridge that went up, but several connected bridges that emerged from the bottom of the lake, appearing to be structured to form a single bridge. The bridge, divided into multiple sections, was lifted horizontally then connected together to become one, which was completed while it was draining a large quantity of water.

The same mechanism was even in operation on the side of the river bank, and the drawbridge even rose up on the opposite bank. The two drawbridges that were raised in that way became one, releasing the Gladiator Island from its isolation for just the time being.

Subaru: [The thing that’s moving that bridge is…]

Cecilus: [Pretty much, there’s a tower that controls the drawbridge, so it’s operated in that tower,  y’know. I’ve never actually been inside, so I don’t know what to expect.]

Subaru: [――Inside the control tower.]

When it comes to a bridge of that scale, it would probably be difficult to stealthily raise and lower it.

That said, crossing the lake in something like a small boat was also impeded by the presence of the Witchbeasts in the water. It seemed that his thinking was still insufficient to provide a realistic means of escape.

Tanza: […Likely, that is the carriage carrying the next people.]

Beside the pondering Subaru, Tanza muttered that while looking to the opposite shore.

Pulling a single carriage, the huge, black, gale horse slowly crossed the drawbridge. The gale horse appeared to be an army horse equipped with armor, and it seemed quite tough at a glance.

The surroundings of the carriage were guarded by soldiers riding things smaller than the gale horse. It seemed that they were worried about the overturning of the carriage last time, so their vigilance was increased.

Cecilus: [Oh, it’s Gustav-san. It looks like he’s coming in person.]

On the other side of the drawbridge, a group was waiting for the carriage to arrive. In the middle of the guards in their black uniforms, Gustav stood, his extraordinarily large chest puffed out.

Was this also a precaution against the last time the carriage overturned? Or, more likely, Gustav might have been present regardless.

Subaru: [It’s a little over a kilometer to the other side of the river, maybe no more than two kilometers…?]

He could not say much because it was quite a distance away, although the distance of the drawbridge appeared to be around what he had guessed.

Even with the mechanism that lets the bridge divide its weight, a drawbridge of such a length was unimaginable. Even if magic or some other special magical tool had been used for the foundations, it was still quite a feat.

And so, as he was checking the state of the drawbridge he was after–

Hiain: [Ah――!?]

Hiain, who like Subaru and the others had been looking at the drawbridge, exclaimed, his voice cracking.

――No, he was not looking at the drawbridge, but at the carriage coming across. The carriage pulled by a huge gale horse finished crossing the drawbridge and the people in it were getting off.

These were the people who would be handed over to Gustav as Gladiators, or more correctly, as candidates to be Gladiators. Hiain’s eyes widened at the sight of these faces.

Hiain: [Those idiots… ended up getting caught…!]

With both hands covering his face, Hiain stared down below him through the gaps between his large, webbed fingers.

Subaru understood the meaning of his words when he saw the new faces. The people brought in were all the same as that of Hiain――lizardmen. Although the color of their scales might suggest that they were of a different ethnic group, they could still be broadly categorized as such.

And Hiain’s reaction was in response to knowing who they were.

Hiain: […Even though you went so far as to use me as bait to get away.]

Subaru narrowed his eyes at Hiain, who muttered to himself bitterly.

During Sparka, when he had tried again and again to get to know Hiain and the others who had participated alongside him, he had been told the circumstances that had brought Hiain to Gladiator Island.

He had told Subaru that he had been made to play a decoy with his ability to change the color of his scales and blend in, and that he had been used as a sacrificial pawn to buy time for his friends to escape from slavers.

That said, from Hiain’s response, it was clear that they――

Subaru: [They’re the ones who used you as bait.]

Hiain: [Guh…]

Tanza: [Hiain-sama…]

Tanza looked at him with concern when his expression changed at Subaru’s words. Although Tanza may not be fond of him, she probably had sympathy for the person with whom she had exchanged words.

But Hiain sniffled “heh” when he saw the gazes of the boy and girl.

Hiain: [S-serves them right! You end up making fools out of yourselves because you took advantage of me! This is ridiculous… after all the pain they caused me!]

Cecilus: [I see.]

Hiain: [W-What, you got a problem or something!?]

Hiain curled his lip as he spat angrily at the fake Cecilus, who had one eye closed. When Hiain recklessly snapped at him in response, the fake Cecilus shook his head, “No, no.”

Cecilus: [I’m not criticizing you. I was just surprised and impressed at the same time, because it was just a mediocre statement by a mediocre character who exists just to be beaten.]

Hiain: [I’m a character who exists just to be beaten…?]

Cecilus: [What else can I say? This is something I’ve been thinking about for quite a bit, but why do all these people who are supposed to be on the margins always blurt out things that make them sound like that? Why don’t they just read one of those picture books and understand how foolish it all sounds?]

In front of Hiain, whose voice trembled, the fake Cecilus clasped his hands up high together.

With a dry sound, the fake Cecilus drew the attention of those around him to himself.

Cecilus: [Look around and see for yourselves. I haven’t read every story I can find of the past and the present and of every location, but if you read the ones that are noticable from cover to cover, you will find that there are many cast members. The famous ones say and do things that are worthy of their renown, and those who are not say and do things that are worthy of their stupidity. And this applies to reality outside the picture book more than you might think.]

Hiain: [W-What the hell are you talking about…?]

Cecilus: [Weak people say things that seem weak! Strong people say things that seem strong! The leading actors say the coolest things, and the minor characters whisper in a voice that is hard to hear! Oh, it’s all so bizarre and strange, don’t you think?]

Hiain: [――――]

Cecilus: [Why are you all so eager to play the smallest roles on your own accord? We are all actors who need to live out our own lives. Of course, the lead actor can only be me.]

Keeping their gazes focused on him, the fake Cecilus lightly tapped on the ground under his sandalled feet, focusing not only their gazes but also their hearing all towards himself.

And――

Cecilus: [Why don’t you think things over before you say anything? That statement makes you sound kind of like a small fry who’s about to die.]

Hiain: [――hk,]

Hiain swallowed as the fake Cecilus brought his face closer to him, staring at him from below.

With a smile on his face despite Hiain’s reaction, the fake Cecilus swiftly backed away. But Hiain seemed to be afraid of the fake Cecilus’s eyes, and found himself panting.

As it was, Hiain turned his back to run away from the fake Cecilus and――

Subaru: [Hiain.]

Hiain: [What! Leave me alone! The only time I’m getting involved with you guys is when we were on a “team”, and…]

Subaru: [What about those people down there? I thought they were your companions.]

Subaru stopped Hiain as he was about to leave, asking him a question. At those words, Hiain exhaled, “Ha!”

 

Hiain: [I told you! They used me as bait and then they screwed up after that! I don’t give a shit about those idiots!]

Subaru: [――But, when you dropped that bag down the cliff, they shared their food with you, didn’t they?]

Hearing Subaru’s words, Hiain’s eyes widened with an “Ah.”

To Hiain’s astonishment, Subaru continued, “More than that,”

Subaru: [They helped you get away from bandits, and when you couldn’t start a fire, they did it for you… The last thing you remember about them might be a bad memory, but…]

Hiain: [――――]

Subaru: [It’s too lonely to think that the last side you saw of them makes up everything about those people.]

There is the saying that a person’s true nature appears in extreme circumstances.

How ridiculous, Subaru wanted to say, Screw that logic.

It is ridiculous to assume that when a person is placed in an extraordinary, uncontrollable situation, the actions they take there determine everything about them.

Then, would what Hiain, Weitz, and Idra did during Sparka be their true nature?

Would Subaru think they were a scaredy-cat, a coward, and a fraud… and that was all there was to them?

There were moments when Subaru cooperated with them without running away, without overtaking them, without deceiving them, and that was why they were all here together like this, having narrowly escaped from death.

That was why――

Subaru: [If you talk to them, you might get a different story.]

Even Subaru could not love the people who he now loved from the very beginning.

He had also seen the less pleasant sides of those people. Still, Subaru wanted to like everyone. And Subaru thought he was not the only one who was unique in this regard.

Hiain: […You’re a creepy little brat. Always talking like you know everything.]

At Subaru’s appeal, Hiain muttered something that sounded spiteful.

From his point of view, it must have been very sickening to be told a story that he did not remember telling Subaru. And yet, with a face portraying a thought that preceded the eeriness he felt…

Hiain: [They’ll never get past Sparka. So, it’s impossible.]

With that, Hiain walked away from his perch, this time without stopping.

But did he realize it? Hiain’s answer was not his feelings at that moment, but merely an excuse that he could not do it because the situation would become even more suffocating.

Did he realize if the circumstances changed, that excuse would no longer be tenable――?

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, I am sorry to hear about Hiain-sama and his acquaintances, but…]

As Hiain turned away, Tanza gently touched Subaru’s sleeve. Her round eyes were shimmering with impatience accompanied with sympathy.

Out of the obstacles they had to overcome, one of them was the drawbridge. Because she had seen the bridge with her own two eyes, it must have strengthened her resolve to escape the island.

Naturally, for Tanza, getting off this island was much, much more important to her than Hiain’s feelings. Of course, it was the same for Subaru.

Subaru also had things that were important to him, and things that he wanted to prioritize.

There was no need to compare Hiain with those that Subaru had encountered in the past.

But――,

Cecilus: [――Basu, that’s called a thorny path.]

Subaru: [Ceci…]

As Subaru fought the boiling, burning sensation in depths of his chest, the fake Cecilus told him that.

When Subaru turned to look at him, the fake Cecilus stood nimbly atop the railing in front of him. It was a sight that made him feel a little uneasy, but the fake Cecilus dexterously balanced himself on the narrow railing.

Cecilus: [It is rare that we can have everything the way we want it, no matter how many of the best choices we make under the circumstances we find ourselves in. There is a precondition for those beings who obtain all of it. The qualification of being the chosen leading actor. If you are not, and you want something you are undeserving of――]

Subaru: [If I want it?]

Cecilus: [There is only death.]

As the fake Cecilus said this, his body leaned heavily toward the other side of the railing. Seeing this, Tanza’s eyes widened and she quickly tried to reach out her hand.

But faster than she could do so, the fake Cecilus, bending at the knees, killed the momentum of his fall. Then the crouching fake Cecilus came face to face with Subaru in front of the railing and,

Cecilus: [So it’s much easier to do things if you think of them as what needs to be done, whether you like it or not.]

Subaru: […What needs to be done?]

Cecilus: [Yes, that’s right. Accepting what is in front of them as supremely natural, they come to the conclusion they can’t change destiny. Those who cannot overcome obstacles with their own strength will inevitably stagnate on the road ahead. You have no choice but to cut open your own path… That is what needs to be done, regardless of what you think about it.]

The fake Cecilus said this while squatting down, skillfully maintaining his posture without moving a single muscle. As Subaru was being bombarded directly with these words, the rumors about the fake Cecilus resurfaced in Subaru’s mind.

He said that in the Sparka which he had participated in, he had not acted until all of his allies had been wiped out.

Then, as soon as he had been left alone, he had killed the Gladiator Beast, and since then, he had been fighting to the death without any Unit members on his side, taking the lives of everyone he came across.

Subaru: [Is that why you don’t help others?]

Cecilus: [You must be able to clear your way through any obstacle by yourself. If you accomplish things by borrowing the strength of others, you will not be able to overcome the same thing the next time you encounter it. You can’t borrow power forever. People will eventually die. Even I’m not immortal.]

His intentions were understandable. His logic, too, was not impossible to comprehend.

 

But that was a type of logic that could only be said because the fake Cecilus was strong and someone who could cut through problems. It was very harsh and unkind.

Subaru: [You say that, Ceci, but sometimes encounters can change a person, you know. Then, that changed person might overcome the next obstacle. Besides…]

Cecilus: [Besides?]

Standing on one foot on the railing, the fake Cecilus rested his elbow on his bent knee and rested his hand on his chin. Scowling at that face holding back a grin, Subaru bared his teeth.

As an ordinary person who was unable to live alone, to this superhuman who can get through anything on his own.

Subaru: [Ceci, you say to treat it as what needs to be done regardless of my feelings, but it’s important to keep this feeling of not being able to do that.]

Cecilus: [――――]

Subaru: [This feeling of not being able to throw away my personal feelings to do something, is the driving force to save someone else. Even if I’m told this is the selfishness of a naive brat, that’s what it is.]

Yes, that was what Subaru would like to believe.

The size of one’s body did not matter. This was something that Natsuki Subaru thought, no matter how big or small he was.

To believe. A naive logic that is not disregarded by cleverness that is posed as mature.

Cecilus: [Ah-ha!]

Hearing Subaru’s declaration, Fake Cecilus’ expression changed.

From a thin smile to a big, satisfied grin.

Seeing that out of the corner of his eye, Subaru decided what he needed to do and walked away.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama! Segmunt-sama, what are…]

Cecilus: [Oh, that’s great, Basu! That fits my logic as well. Cool people say cool things, strong people say things that seem strong. Both casts start by saying things that are worthy of their standing. That’s the very spirit of the rebel of fate!]

Tanza: [Segmunt-sama!]

Tanza tried to round on the fake Cecilus, who was cackling on the railing. However, Subaru had no time to spend on these two people.

There were two places that he needed to go to, and although he could just stop by the first, he needed to have a little discussion, persuasion, or perhaps a kind of baseless accusation for the other one.

That was something he would have to get ready for later, and――

Subaru: [Old Man Null!]

Quickly heading back inside the island, Subaru rushed to the healing room. As he flung the door open, he saw the back of a panicked figure that had been secretly dozing off inside.

The old man with a thin body, an untended long beard, and the impression of a cotton swab was Old Man Null, the healer cooped up in the treatment room.

Null shook his head and blinked at Subaru, who jumped into the room. Subaru prefaced his question with, “Sorry, sorry.”

Subaru: [――The thing I asked for, is it ready?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Weitz: [Looks like they’re having the next Sparka… We should have a reason to go watch…]

Hiain loathed Weitz, who, unable to read the situation, made such an invitation.

Since they had been assembled as members of the same Unit, they frequently had no choice but to be together, however, from the beginning, Hiain had never gotten along with Weitz.

In addition to that, he knew that this was where he himself, who would impulsively flare up at people, and who had poor chemistry with Weitz, who was genuinely courageous―― he, who could not back down, would be the first to spew inflammatory words.

Even though he knew this, he could never fix it.

Because of that, he had been through utterly terrible experiences up to this point. He was sent to Ginunhive stuck with the job of a gladiator, that too had been caused by the disaster his mouth had made.

It was true that the people he was working with used him as a sacrificial pawn in order to get away from the slave traders. But in the first place, it was Hiain’s own slip of the tongue which had brought the attention of the slave traders to them.

Though he was frustrated that he could not even find a decent job for just a day, he got into a bar room fight with a group of plainly dangerous people, and was held accountable for it.

After days on end of receiving harried pursuit, it finally reached the point of turning to direct violence, in order for his comrades to save themselves, they made a decision.

Hiain: [I know, damn it, such a thing…]

Though he was a scaredy-cat, he was short-tempered and would flare up at people; that was the reason he incurred problems, and yet, until the very end, his comrades did not abandon him.

Reluctant to keep relying on others, and trying to look good, he told them, “If it becomes hopeless, please just abandon me.” Despite having said this, he was somehow thinking they did not have the courage to abandon him.

At the very end of the end, convinced that they were scaredy-cats just like him, that they would not have the courage to abandon one of their comrades, he had been taking advantage of them.

Hiain: [That I’m the most hopeless of them all, I know, damn it…]

Being abandoned, being used as bait, being used as a sacrificial pawn; it was foolish to make a big fuss about it.

That it was a very foolish thing, Hiain understood that himself.

But, if he did not say that, he couldn’t protect his own heart. He was not at fault, and yet his partners were the ones in the wrong that had made him suffer, he wanted to firmly believe that.

At the very least, by cursing his comrades in that manner, cursing them, who had escaped harm, he wanted to justify himself.

Hiain: [Despite that, why the hell did y’all get caught, too? …hk!]

After all the trouble he went through, getting himself caught like this, and thrown into such a hopeless situation; why did they get caught too? With his justification to curse them snached away, Hiain was merely a terrible guy.

Degraded to being merely a terrible guy, he had no choice but to watch helplessly where his friends were about to die.

Idra: [I heard that a Unit has been established with the people that were brought in this time. Different from the time with us, to be thrown in as soon as they arrived…]

With his arms crossed, and voice trembling, Idra looked down upon the gladiatorial arena from the spectator’s seats.

Idra tried to hide his trembling voice, but to no avail. Idra may be strong but deep down he was not very different from the timid Hiain.

Even then, Idra had the determination to put on a guise of strength. Hiain did not. He was miserable.

Gustav: [――From here, the Sparka begins!!]

As the seating crowded with Gladiators, the heavy voice of Gustav, the Governor, reverberated through the crowd.

Although there was apparently no room for it during their own Sparka, in one corner of the gladiatorial arena, Gustav had a stage from which he could look out over the audience―― or rather, a place where the dignitaries would be seated during the shows.

From there, Gustav looked down upon the hall with his four arms spread wide.

At that moment, directly beneath Gustav, a passageway leading to the back of the gladiatorial arena opened, and the Gladiator Beast slowly emerged from the interior of the passageway that had been closed off with an iron fence.

That was different to the Witchbeast that Hiain and the others had fought, with bird wings growing out of both of its arms, it was a very very big rat that had soft-looking fur wrapped around its entire body.

However, what was different was only their appearance, and there was no big difference in their ferocity or danger, that was what Hiain’s instinctive alarm bells conveyed to him.

In other words, just because it was a different Gladiator Beast, the difficulty of Sparka would be reduced; That had not been the case.

Weitz: [So, looks like these’re the participants this time…]

As he heard the low roar of the Gladiator Beast, just as Weitz had said, the fence of the passageway in front of them opened, and from there the participants of this Sparka―― the five lizardmen, emerged.

Respectively, everybody’s scales shook with anxiety and tension; all of their faces were familiar to him.

That final hope of having mistaken them due to viewing from a distance, had collapsed.

Suddenly turning his face downward, Hiain realized that there was nowhere for him to run.

Just what was the cause? The scaredy-cat Hiain had survived the Sparka.

Being brought to the same place as Hiain, his comrades who could not survive the Sparka, who would end up losing their lives―― just what in the world was this curse?

That they had to suffer through this, had it been a result of his cursing?

If so, the effect of Hiain’s curse must have also been something considerable. Then, with the exception of himself, everyone on this island―― no, everyone in this empire, he would rather curse them, curse them, until he ran out of curses, and yet.

Idra: […absurd.]

Hiain: [――ah?]

To begin with, if he were to curse anyone, he would start with the slavers who had left him and his comrades here.

Hiain, who’d been engaged with such fanciful and unhelpful flights of imagination, was brought back to his senses by Idra’s dumbfounded mutterings.

What had occurred? With his eyes wide open in astonishment, Idra stared at the gladiatorial arena. And, that wasn’t just Idra, it was also Weitz next to him―― no, it wasn’t just the two of them.

――The multitude of Gladiators in the audience of the venue were all staring in amazement.

That reason was apparent, looking down at the gladiatorial arena, Hiain’s expression became the same as those of the others.

The reason was, beside the five lizardmen, was the figure of a sixth person who should not have been there――.

Hiain: [Wh-wh-wh-what the hell’re ya doing, Schwartz――!?]

His throat trembling, Hiain called out the name of the one who should not be there, the name of the black-haired boy.

The boy who had just parted from him on the high ground, and who had spoken to him so cheekily, turned around when he heard Hiain’s pitiful exclamation.

Then, in the middle of the lizardmen who were trembling at the imminent Sparka, with a snap, he pointed at the face of Hiain in the audience, and declared it.

When he was asked about what he was doing――.

“――The strongest reinforcement,” he declared.
