Upon hearing the answer, Madelyn was rendered speechless, her lips qui vering and her eyes widened.

Based on her reaction, and on the fact that she was familiar with Carillon’s name, Flop also made some assumptions, and, prefacing with “May I?”,

Flop: [Where did you get Carillon’s name? You even recognised its fangs at a single glance. I don’t think that the relationship you had was a fleeting one. Besides, you…]

Madelyn: [――Hk.]

Flop: [You’re the girl who took Balleroy’s place as Ninth. Perhaps you’d known Balleroy and Carillon for some time?]

Her reaction expressed her pain; hounding the young-looking Madelyn like this made his chest hurt

However, Flop’s chest had once suffered a pain more intense compared to that of seeing Madelyn in pain, and because of that very same topic. Nothing in the world was more devastating than the face of his sobbing sister, for him.

So he did not hesitate in cornering Madelyn, to get to the bottom of what laid within her heart.

――Balleroy Temeglyph.

One of the Nine Divine Generals of the Vollachian Empire, a sworn brother to Flop and Medium, a rebel who had lost his life in a revolt against the Emperor. A kind and beloved man, who deeply loved his dear dragon Carillon and his benefactor Miles.

What was the relationship between him and Madelyn?

And――,

Flop: [Why did you become a Divine General?]

Madelyn: [――For revenge.]

There was a beat of hesitation before she gave her answer, but the words that came out were transparent.

Madelyn, lips quivered and her eyes widened, slowly changed her expression as her golden eyes were filled by the fury that had wrought the distortion of her face―― a radiant rage.

The violent rage of the little girl accompanied by dragons, scorched Flop’s entire body as he lay down on the bed.

Madelyn’s rage was of such violence as to make him hallucinate that.

Madelyn revealed that she had taken up the position of Divine General to seek revenge.

The word “revenge” was something Flop also had thoughts about. ――For Flop, it was his life’s goal. However, his target for revenge was not a single person, but rather the world.

Revenge against the world itself, a world in which people were forced to make decisions against their will.

The anger in Madelyn’s eyes, however, was wholly different.

As for the violent emotion that burned in her golden eyes, he knew who it should be directed at.

Flop: [For whom’s sake do you want to exact revenge?]

Madelyn: […For Balleroy, revenge for the man who was to be this dragon’s mate.]

Flop: [――――]

Madelyn: [I, the Dragon, will never forgive the one who killed this Dragon’s darling. For that reason――]

She would exact revenge for Balleroy’s death; Madelyn’s small frame overflowed with rage as she replied.

Flop did not know how Balleroy and Madelyn had met, what experiences they had gone through, or what form their bond had taken.

However, he did understand that Madelyn lamented and mourned his death from the bottom of her heart.

And so, therefore, that was why――

Flop: [――Who is Balleroy’s killer? How can your revenge be fulfilled?]

Had it been Medium the one present here, she would certainly have embraced Madelyn out-right.

Had it been Medium, who had shed a waterfall of tears and wailed loudly at the deaths of Balleroy and Miles, she would certainly have taught Madelyn how to cry.

Someone dear to her had been killed. And at that face, Madelyn was furious.

She did not know how to grieve. As a being of tremendous power with black horns, a being to whom flying dragons obeyed, she could only think of a single way to grieve. Rage.

And it was the same with Flop, who had forgotten how to cry.

And so――,

Madelyn: [The one who caused Balleroy’s death was――]

Flop’s question was answered by Madelyn, as she squeezed her small hands.

Having been dispossessed of a place to pour her love in, and keeping it within her petite body, Madelyn allowed the embers of her anger to burn in place of shedding tears, resolving to exact vengeance.

Flop: [――――]

And Flop, upon hearing that name woven by Madelyn’s mouth, closed his eyes.

He closed his eyes, kept his silence. For once, he forgot the ache of the still-healing wound which Madelyn had toreinto his chest, and surrendered himself to the darkness behind his eyelids.

On closing his eyes, he could still recall the faces of those dear to him.

Miles: [You and Medium ain’t thinking straight. You should’ve stayed with the Countess, I won’t be able to take care of y’all.]

Balleroy: [This is Big Bro Miles’s way of showing his concern. If you stay here, you’d be able to take care of them as long as you wanna. He’s not very up-front, is he?]

Miles: [Shut your trap, Lil’ Balle! Those who get ahead in life don’t turn back halfway!!]

Balleroy: [No, I ain’t cut out for this. I’m more suited to spending time here with Miles, Flop and Medi. Ain’t that right?]

This brought back fond memories of Balleroy, who had gone out of his way to come from afar and stop by on the day of their departure, and Miles, as well as those two’s late-night exchange.

With a big wave of his hand, he and Medium both left the place that had taken care of them for so long, and――,

Finally having arrived at the Imperial Capital, Flop O’Connell’s blue eyes were alit.

With those eyes of his lit up, his lips weaved words.

They were――,

Flop: [――The person who would be Balleroy’s killer would be… Mr. Chief. ――No, the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia.]
