At first, when Old Man Null heard Subaru’s request, his mouth, with several missing teeth, had distorted in a grandiose manner.

From what he had heard, Old Man Null was a healer on the island―― that is so to speak, he was acting as an imitation doctor, yet until he came here, he had never done anything like treating others.

Old Man Null had been here from before Gustav had taken over as the island’s chief and governor, during a period when the island was much more harsh and deadly, he had happened to obtain the role of a healer.

It all started when he just applied a dirty cloth on an open wound of a Gladiator, of whom had lost his arm.

With that as a start when it came to treating people, the amount of times he was being called upon were increasing, and before long, he was excused from having to stand in the gladiatorial arena as a gladiator, and was ordered to work as a healer in the healing room.

From there he spent a long time as a healer, and corresponding to his position, came across plenty of bloody scenes.

Thanks to that, he became able to at least do stuff like stitching up wounds or mixing simple drugs; thinking that he would live peacefully as a healer until he died, he gave a smile with his yellow teeth.

Subaru also felt guilty for having caused Old Man Null’s face to have distorted in such a grandiose manner.

However, if Subaru were to try and actualize the things that he wanted to do on this island, the things that he had to do, then no matter what, that was an indispensable thing.

That is why, to Old Man Null, who was doing a praiseworthy job of saving people, Subaru made a request.

Subaru: [――Can you prepare a poison that can instantly kill a person, just by biting or licking it?]

△▼△▼△▼△

He felt bad for Old Man Null.

But, this was necessary. It would be a bigger problem for Subaru to pass out in the middle of a fight or survive in a partial state――there had to be a way to start over.

And, once Subaru had the means to do so, he would be perfect.

Subaru: [Well, it would help if my legs were a little longer.]

Such complaints were the opinion of those who came across a situation in battle where a single big step was not enough.

Of course, that one step was forcefully solved by jumping ahead two steps faster to the next opportunity. Repeating trial and error to find the best action, one could grasp the desired future.

That was why――,

Gustav: [――That’s enough! Well done, you survived Sparka! By my power as the official, I accept you as a member of Gladiator Island!]

The low, resounding declaration commended the end of a fierce battle that had been waged in the gladiatorial arena.

In the middle of the gladiatorial arena lay the corpse of a Gladiator Beast, lying on its back with two swords, one large and one small, pierced into its body. Its two wings and long tail had been severed, leaving it in a pitiful state.

But, how it used its wings to move and those attacks from its sharp tail were really, really troublesome.

Since conquering those two problems was absolutely necessary to damage its body, he just wanted to put it out there… that they did not hurt it needlessly.

And――,

Subaru: [Gustav-san, seriously?]

Breathing heavily, his shoulders heaving, Subaru looked up at Gustav standing at the seats that were positioned closest to the arena.

The Governor of the Island, with his four burly arms crossed, oversaw the Sparka’s conclusion. He seemed like an obstinate, inflexible man, but Subaru did not expect even his declaration to be the same word for word.

It was hard to imagine that he coincidentally used the same words for this battle and when it was Subaru and his group’s turn, which made it seem that Gustav’s declaration was probably the same every time.

Anyway――,

???: [We, did it… We did it, we did it! We survived! We survived!!]

???: [We’re alive…! Ah, uwaaaaaah!]

???: [Ghee, heen…]

???: […I can’t believe it. I thought it was the end of the world…]

???: [Maybe we died and went to Od Lagna…?]

Around the corpse of the Gladiator Beast were five people, stunned and rejoicing in their own ways at their victory.

They were Orson, Hitz, Nadrey, Quonson, and Codley. They were all lizardmen, but no two were of the same ethnicity, and the formula for victory was the understanding of everyone’s unique characteristics and how they worked together.

As was the case with Weitz and his team, victory would not have been achievable if any one person was missing. ――Of course, it would have been impossible without Subaru.

Subaru: [But, they won…!]

With a snap, Subaru pointed his finger at Gustav, who was at the seats closest to the arena.

Gustav’s stern face remained unchanging at Subaru’s provocative attitude, only reacting by squinting his eyes.

Without saying a word, Gustav turned his back and walked away from the seats, and returned to the island.

Cleaning up the bodies and dealing with the surviving Gladiators was left to the guards, his subordinates.

???: [Schwartz!]

Subaru: [Oh?]

As Subaru watched Gustav walk away, someone running toward him called out his name. It was Hiain, who jumped down from the stands and came running toward Subaru.

He seemed to have the scales of his entire body standing on end, and he grabbed Subaru’s shoulder with his large, webbed fingers.

Hiain: [What the hell were you thinking!? No, how did you end up back in a Sparka in the first place?…]

Subaru: [Punishment. It’s punishment.]

Hiain: [It’s… punishment?]

Subaru: [Yeah. Another Gladiator told me that if you disobey Gustav-san or the guards… the administration of the island, you will be warned at first, and punished thereafter. Evil offenders are prey to the curse.]

After speaking to several Gladiators, he had made sure he had corroborated this.

Everyone seemed to know Gustav’s desire not to needlessly waste the number of Gladiators as much as possible, and there was a common understanding of the rules laid out.

Punishment―― that is, forced participation in a Sparka performed by an unrelated Unit.

Subaru: [Sparka is a rite of passage for people who are going to become new Gladiators, and those who already became Gladiators don’t participate. They have their own Units, so there’s no reason for them to do it.]

In addition, the Unit that would be assembled for Sparka would be randomly selected from the members who entered Gladiator Island at the time of the Sparka. In other words, you could not choose whether you were compatible or whether you liked each other or not.

It was such a daunting task to be paired with partners who did not know what you can do, what you were good at, or who you were, and being forced to work with them to defeat the Gladiator Beast in order to complete it.

A dangerous battle to the death where there was no merit in undertaking it, but the possibility of death was all too great.

Gladiators were unanimous in saying that Sparka was the toughest fight to the death on Gladiator Island.

Subaru: [Well, now it seems that because of Ceci, there is a perception that the death matches that are done with him are the worst.]

Hiain: [――. I know why you joined that Sparka. But…]

Subaru: [But?]

Hiain: [In the first place! Why did you have to be punished? You know, it’s strange that after all that talk up there, you could immediately join the Sparka! It’s like…]

There, Hiain took a pause in his angered speech, letting his gaze wander.

Subaru shrugged his little shoulders, at Hiain’s hesitance to say the remaining words ahead of that sentence. He sort of understood what he wanted to say.

Subaru: [It was as if I was trying to help Orson and the others?]

Hiain: [――hk]

Subaru: [You’re not wrong. If I wasn’t there, they would have all been killed.]

In fact, even with Subaru, the situation of the battle was terrible.

Because to be as one with them, who were no better suited for fighting than Hiain, he had to start by becoming their ally, when they were united as fellow lizardmen.

It was rather helpful, though, recalling seeing Chaosflame.

Subaru: [I heard that you were all trying to get to Chaosflame?]

Hiain: [Wh…]

Subaru: [You should really talk about that kind of stuff. After all, you guys got to see each other again.]

As he said this, Subaru put his hand atop Hiain’s hand on his shoulder.

Hiain stared into Subaru’s black eyes with his slit pupiled eyes wide open. Staring back at him, Subaru cocked his chin towards the five lizardmen.

The five, who had been basking in the joy of their survival, gradually had time to look around them, and one of them, Codley, noticed Hiain’s presence.

And then――,

Codley: [Hiain! It’s Hiain! He’s alive… he’s alive!]

Codley’s voice rang out with a jovial look on his face, and then the other four looked at Hiain. They all expressed their delight with Hiain’s presence and were reacting positively to him.

Subaru saw Hiain’s face contort as he saw his fellow lizardmen’s reactions.

Subaru: [This is the chance I risked my life for. Savor it, bro.]

Slapping his hunched back, Subaru sent Hiain off in the direction of his friends.

Hiain hesitated a few times, but then moved forward with faltering steps and――,

Hiain: [Sch, Schwartz!]

Subaru: [Yeah?]

Hiain: […Thanks.]

With that said, Hiain walked up to the five who were waiting.

Orson and the others had no animosity or malice toward Hiain, because Subaru already knew why the five were captured and brought to Gladiator Island.

If they could talk it over properly, there would be no reason for them to be at odds with each other.

Tanza: […Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [Whoa!]

As he watched this reunion of Hiain and his friends, he was startled by a voice from behind.

As he jumped into the air, he was so surprised that he broke out into a coughing fit, and,

Subaru: [That… that was close… I almost died…! Don’t scare me like that!]

Tanza: [That is my line! Why so sudden… Do you want to die!?]

Subaru: [No, I don’t want to die!?]

Tanza scolded Subaru, who turned around with his hand over his mouth, chastising him harshly.

The little girl’s vehement protests had Subaru shaking his head helplessly. Tanza, however, looked not at all convinced by this excuse.

Tanza: [I was very surprised to see you join Sparka out of the blue. And to know it was the result of you defying Governor Gustav… I cannot help but think you were throwing away your life because you didn’t need it.]

Subaru: [It’s a misunderstanding that I don’t need my life. I don’t think there’s many people who understand the value of life better than I do, you know? That’s why I saved Hiain’s friends, too.]

Tanza: [I am talking to you about your own life. …I am glad that you were able to save them because it turned out well in the end, but from my point of view, there were many times when you were placed in a dangerous position. This is simply a miracle.]

Subaru: [A miracle, huh.]

Dropping the tone of her voice, Tanza chided Subaru’s recklessness from a pragmatic point of view.

Just as she said, and it was probably true that there were a number of harrowing moments as she watched. Subaru could understand why Tanza wanted to call it a miracle. ――But it wasn’t.

Subaru: [Miracles come from God, but this one is my doing.]

So, this was not a miracle.

It was proof that Natsuki Subaru had kicked away such a shitty fate.

Tanza: […You acted so recklessly just to help Hiain-sama’s companions? Or, is this just retaliation for your tit for tat with Segmunt-sama?]

Subaru: [No, it’s true that I was angry at Ceci, but I would be a craaazy guy if I had risked my life for that… You know, I had a good reason for saving Hiain’s friends.]

Tanza: [――――]

Subaru: [What incredibly doubtful eyes!]

It was amazing how there was a steep drop in the persuasiveness of Subaru’s explanation.

With his shoulders slumped under Tanza’s distrustful gaze, as if she were looking at a criminal caught red-handed, Subaru muttered weakly, “It’s true…”

Tanza let out a small exhale at Subaru’s pathetic state.

Tanza: [Then, what is your goal?]

Subaru: [It’s…]

As Tanza changed her attitude and moved on from the topic, Subaru turned around once more to answer her question.

Hiain and his five companions were talking together. Subaru could hear a subtle rise in the pitch of Hiain’s voice as he spoke.

That was why――,

Subaru: [Maybe we should wait a little longer before we talk about it.]

Tanza: […Schwartz-sama?]

Subaru: [What incredibly doubtful eyes!]

Exasperated by such a lack of trust in himself, Subaru surreptitiously stuck his finger in his mouth. Then, he double checked the position of the package that was hooked to the molar.

Subaru: [――――]

What was there was the last resort that Subaru had asked Old Man Null to concoct.

He had seized this loop by overcoming a desperate challenge, and he absolutely did not want to accidentally ruin it with an inadvertent mistake. He had to be very careful not to die from careless mistakes.

――Thinking this, Subaru stuffed the wrapped “drug” behind his molar.

△▼△▼△▼△

Hiain: [If it’s according to what Orson’s group had to say, it seems Chaosflame had gotten destroyed.]

Tanza: [――――]

At the bitter-faced Hiain’s report, Tanza lowered her round eyebrows and cast her eyes down.

Even having imagined the worst situation that could possibly happen, it did not ease the shock of being told that it actually happened. Even if you knew you were going to fall, it hurts all the same when it happens.

After Sparka was over, Orson and the others, who survived safely and were welcomed as Gladiators, were then led by the guards to show them around the island’s facilities and common rooms.

Even though they were comrades, they and Hiain were from different Units so they could not be together, so he meekly appeared in the room of Subaru and the others, who were in the same Unit as him.

And that was how they shared the stories Subaru had wanted to know.

Hiain: [You wanted these kinds of outside stories, right? You can’t get any information from outside if you stay on this island after all.]

Subaru: [It’s half and half. No, let’s make it about seven to three. The side with the seven is for the sake of Hiain’s and Orson’s group.]

Hiain: [What’re ya saying, ya creepy kid!]

Hiain spoke as if he meant it but, with his arms crossed, he turned away.

Subaru was glad to see that Hiain had gotten his feelings in order and had thought about what Subaru’s purpose had been in joining that Sparka.

Hiain’s expression seemed to brighten somewhat, surely because he had been able to hear the important topics from Orson and the others.

That was――,

Hiain: […Those idiots were caught trying to get me back from the slave traders. There’s really no saving them.]

Subaru: [God and fate are both heartless. That’s why, I helped them. …Or should I say we?]

Hiain: [Heh, whaddya mean? In reality, you’re the only one who participated in the Sparka.]

Subaru: [Hiain, you got down on your knees with snot running down your nose and requested earnestly, “I beg of you to help me, please, Schwartz-sama…”]

Hiain: [Don’t talk nonsense!]

A hand stretched out and grabbed his head and shook him jerkily. Then, letting go of Subaru, who was dizzied, the sniffling Hiain noticed Tanza’s state.

Hiain called out to the girl as “pipsqueak” as she cast her eyes down, having heard the story about Chaosflame.

Hiain: [Are ya feeling down about Chaosflame? Why…]

Tanza: […Chaosflame is, my hometown. Even when the town was on the verge of collapse, I was]

Hiain: [I-I see…that, that’s it, that’s it huh.]

Hiain’s eyes swayed from side to side, puzzled by the unexpected reply. His character of being vulnerable to accidents had slipped out, but he immediately shouted, “But!”

Hiain: [It certainly seems that the town had gotten destroyed, but it’s said that the people who lived there didn’t get wiped out. The guys in the town all went to a different place…uhm, it’s hard to explain but.]

Tanza: [It is hard, to explain…?]

Hiain: [Nah, I just don’t know how much of it I should believe.]

With that preamble, Hiain hesitated about what words to say next. But, the interests of Tanza and Subaru were directed towards the follow up to his story.

Having sensed that, Hiain breathed a heavy sigh and then,

Hiain: [Apparently, there’s been a big rebellion going on outside. The lot from Chaosflame are said to be joining that rebellion. Well, the story goes that the head of the Demon City was frequently causing uprisings, and the city was also obliterated as a result of her foolishness…eek]

Tanza: [――Yorna-sama is not foolish.]

Hiain: [I-I’m sorry! I don’t really get the reason, but I’m sorry!]

Hiain, apologizing quickly, squeaked out a frightened voice at Tanza’s sharp gaze.

Once again, Hiain was incurring the wrath of his opponent with his unnecessary bravado, but behind him, Subaru found some points of relief in what he had just said.

Of course, that’s assuming he believed everything of what Hiain relayed from his conversation with Orson and the others.

Subaru: [Chaosflame may be done for, but Yorna-san and the townspeople are fine. If there’s talk of rebellion, it looks like Abel and the others are safe and sound.]

The battle to retake the imperial capital would not be able to proceed with Abel gone.

In other words, Abel was still alive. He hoped that Medium, Taritta, and even Al were also safe. ――Hopefully Louis was also safe by Yorna’s side.

Subaru: […as I thought, there’s no time to waste.]

Even when he got fragments of the situation outside, Subaru’s desire to go outside grew stronger.

Naturally he was worried about everybody in Chaosflame, but also the people in Guaral, whom Yorna and Abel’s group would try to unite with―― he was worried, about Rem.

He got a feeling if she found out he had been shrunken, she would certainly get angry with him again.

Subaru: [――. Even though I really wanted to show Rem my reliable aspects.]

Personally, he thought that now he was in better shape with a clearer head, but Subaru could not make excuses about his outward appearance lacking persuasive power. The fact that Tanza was constantly shifting her eyes to him in suspicion, was probably not unrelated to his small body.

In any case――,

Subaru: [Mm, I got it. Thanks, Hiain, you helped me out.]

Hiain: [The ones who got helped out were my… well whatever, as long as you get it.]

Hiain awkwardly responded to Subaru, who had thanked him. Giving a small chuckle at the way he was answered, Subaru was thinking he should follow up on Tanza’s side.

???: [――Schwartz, the Governor is calling for you.]

Outside the common room, the voice of a guard of the Gladiator Island, clad in a black uniform, called out. At his call, Hiain’s expression intensified and Tanza’s eyes widened in surprise.

She looked at the guard,

Tanza: [Governor Gustav is calling for Schwartz-sama? Why…]

Guard: [I haven’t heard. There is also no reason to converse. Quietly obey. Or else…]

Subaru: [It’s alright! I’d obediently go along with you even if you weren’t being so hostile. …by the way, would you punish me in the case that I didn’t comply?]

Guard: [――――]

Subaru: [Kidding, kidding.]

At the talkativeness of Subaru, who had one eye closed, the guard, who was in the prime of his life, contorted his lips.

It was obvious that he did not like Subaru very much. That had been a matter of course. This guard happened to be present when Subaru was talking with Gustav before the Sparka.

This was because he was also the person who saw the trigger for Subaru to participate in Sparka, that is to say, the place where he became subject to punishment. From his point of view, Subaru’s true nature would seem like a mystery.

Because he was ready to join a Sparka of his own volition, he was surely a kid who was out of his mind.

Subaru: [Well, I’m heading out for a bit. Tanza, please be a good girl and wait for me.]

Tanza: […Though it is you, Schwartz-sama, do take care to moderate your mischief.]

Subaru: [Yeaah, I can’t argue with that.]

At Tanza’s stifled tone of voice, Subaru’s wry smile grew deeper and deeper. With that, obeying the guard who silently urged him to hurry up, and Subaru left the room.

Just then, Hiain called out “Schwartz” to Subaru’s back.

Hiain: [Uhm, well…]

Subaru: [Hmm? What’s up?]

Hiain: [Ah, no…t-take care of yourself. Even if it’s someone like you, it’ll be us who’ll be in trouble if the number of people in our Unit decreases after all.]

Subaru’s face became puzzled at those disingenuous words of concern. Then he immediately spit out a “pfft” and nodded back at Hiain.

Subaru: [Yep, I know. Well, see ya later.]

With a wave of his hand, Subaru temporarily parted from Tanza and Hiain. Then, while following the back of the guard walking in front of him,

Subaru: [Gustav-san, was he angry?]

Guard: […The Governor is not one to get emotional. Unlike me.]

To not provoke him with any unnecessary words, having that be implicitly expressed to him, Subaru dejectedly ducked his head.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Like that, the two of them saw Subaru off as he was taken away by the guards, but.

Weitz: [Hey, what did that Schwartz kid do…]

Idra: [Just now, what the guards took him away for, was it also for something other than the Sparka?]

Weitz and Idra appeared in the room where Tanza and Hiain had stayed behind. They, too, had watched Subaru’s Sparka from the spectators’ seats.

Naturally, there were many things they wanted to ask Subaru, who had done such a reckless thing.

Although, while not at a position as cornered as Hiain was, it was not like they had such a short temper that they would jump down from the spectator seats, but――,

Weitz: [Tanza, are you aware of what’s going on?]

Tanza: […I am both somewhat aware and unaware, It is complicated. It seems that Schwartz-sama had been hiding things from me as well.]

Weitz: [He’s a suspicious guy… though that has some capacity in its own way…]

At the words of Tanza, who cast her eyes downward, Weitz and Idra exchanged glances and heaved a sigh.

Listening to the conversation of those three, Hiain remained silently still. Although he was a lizardman, making it difficult to discern his expression, his eyes, swaying from side to side, made it obvious that he was worrying about something.
As a result, the three called out to him with “’Hiain’” and “Hiain-sama” respectively,

Idra: [What’s with that face…]

Hiain: [No, you… g-guys are also aware that, that Schwartz kid got mixed up in the Sparka on purpose…right?]

Idra: [That’s… what it seems everybody thought, upon seeing that situation.]

Idra answered the faltering Hiain’s words, and Tanza and Weitz both nodded their heads in agreement.

Generally, this seemed to be the common understanding of all the Gladiators who had watched the battle in the gladiatorial arena. Then, from anyone’s perspective, today’s Sparka would not have been a success without Subaru’s active participation.

Weitz: [For me, I don’t know what his intentions were in doing that, but…]

Hiain: [――. I ain’t got any idea either. But, but.]

Weitz: [――? But, what?]

Hiain: [I ain’t exactly sure why he did that, but why he was able to do that, you know, maybe …]

You might get it, as he continued with that, the three aside from Hiain also seemed to understand.

The question was not why Subaru had joined Sparka, but how Subaru had joined Sparka and been able to survive. Aside from Tanza, it was not a question unrelated to Weitz and Idra.

Therefore, as he was met with a look of intense interest, Hiain gulped down his spit.

And then――,

Hiain: [That guy is, um, I heard from some people who just came from outside… that there seems to be a rumor going around that the illegitimate son of the Emperor is out there somewhere. So, here’s the thing――]

Everyone: [――――]

Hiain: [――The rumor’s about a brat, with black hair and black eyes.]
